all right Roman we're here we are here
look Missy this is under friendship town
it's so secret so we are you gonna go
through with this are you yeah we're
have I'm gonna have we're gonna have a
secret underground squires Roman well
mean you're not yeah I an on the
up-and-up I'm honestly I'm just like
when you do this with me it's like a
Blood Pact we're Blood Brothers now I
want you to remember this should uh you
know there ever be some tension upstairs
I will yeah I will have your back all
right I think I think we're ready to go
ready ya think I went over so what are
we doing this time dead bones just to
make sure we have it clear we're making
the Squires take the oath making the
Squires take their oath okay let's see
if round two works out a little bit
better than round one I really hope it
does I hope so as well all right so
Ravel and javelin and Lazarus effect 10
we will have you guys say the oath in
tandem and then should you succeed you
will then become Squires it's not
beheading if so ravelin you have the
honor please go ahead and start with the
first line in public chat in public chat
mm-hmm
then we swap over the lasers right yes
okay now you see the first line oh do we
have our knives ready for the the night
ago side of my sword well Oh think yeah
I'm just don't hit them with it ok now
it's rabble second let this is gonna
take forever this does take a little bit
all right laughs I'm hoping they type it
out ready and ahead of time oh I'm sure
yet i had a time of course and then
rattle FY let's pay attention to make
sure they don't try and sneak anything
in there that's true should be paying
attention what's next line I don't even
know that you have we don't have a copy
of the book i'll give you the book we
don't know that actually see ok next
time we do this our own copy to fact
check this of course I think it's
ravelin line right yes I guess the long
one this is the long one yes this is the
only we hadn't stolen this from Game of
Thrones what I don't know what you're
talking about what game of thrones stole
this from us hey we know you're looking
at george RR martin and ladders physics
i thought it's so great danger asst oh
it's knee we're doing it right under
their noses right literally under their
noses literally I am under under the
arena yeah you know if you know I've
come with you who Batman of course look
at that does it a cave this big yeah
okay and then Rathlin best part is
roaming it I now only Underground's of
friendship town you do only on the
grounds of friendship town it's so good
so mu Qing you know what people think of
when they see friendship town now my
will you well know your void your walls
your flag your symbol you're right thing
you know and Lazarus so we got we got a
good thing going here room we got a good
thing going I like I like you know what
I could possibly see an underground
church oh you know what sure oh and then
all they're doing is without cues it's
amazing all these things rattle roll
they're so professional I was so good
about these choirs I have a great
feeling about these scars to be forever
had any problems but you know yeah not
yet
oh I were getting close end the good
parts yeah part of me was kind of hoping
she would switch allegiance to me she
just switched to you straight away I'm
just saying it wasn't the right call you
know what that would have been actually
kind of funny but that I would super sad
no one had a squire I haven't see I
don't know when it's over so we gotta do
you remember what the last line is I
don't know but I'm sure they would bow
at the end of the last line that makes
sense when they know to bow of course
they know to bow I mean I cut their
tongues out then the tongues come out
and the tongue has come out and they can
never they can never talk again using a
torch to take their tongues Roman well
right I was Garrett then the torch to
sear it in I'm just gonna use the sword
I like here you go with the diamond
sword of course definitely not dangerous
to clean cut yes if I take up half the
Joe with it it's not you know they're
not walkers not it'd be a little gentle
Oh would you want screw up your one
school you're just throwing it on her
are you sure I'm pretty sure ok there's
no honor involved here all right they
got a bow right yeah how about socially
so gray surely they're not done yet we
should make the build tunnels all under
this place oh oh is it bow there we go
on there's allow all right perfect this
is only gonna hurt just a little bit yep
look we gotta just like I don't think I
got it yep I'm gonna rip out my hand I'm
just gonna okay there were you think all
right I got end we're good and good that
there we get yeah there we actually fan
summarizing what I cauterize why would
you die ha to rights are authorised mine
oh ok here we go here hon don't just
look goodness ok ok
so stupid yeah no sir go okay and there
you go squires wait got it we gotta make
it official right there it is I made
mine invisible I thought we were gonna
ax oh no oh did oh no it's okay I feel
if they're sick I feel like they know
where they are all right hang bones
remember keep them secret keep him quiet
ki know what else can find out keep them
secret keep them safe something you need
a little little it's all rise not a
surprise me all right 0 look look maybe
later okay that's right